croutons at the youtube menu together
as I put
yes to the pants open with mac less and less skirts I like best i
pants because they are free to move
you want to comment and therefore also my thoughts are freer because
you're not me
but the physicist recalls his thoughts
speech magistrate ie
when a female TV dress
forces everyone to have a future
because heel 12 because he thinks of mystery. or 76 silonite
and if so how not. here is a mask
also passages do you know this very well
we wear continuous masks even this mask there is a whole road
secondary mask that you become
you too feeling your behavior
of the character that that mask makes you feel that the times in which you are
turns
your feeling changes with a feeling that I miss you together then
dressed like that
I am here
more likely induced to think
and key to feel a certain way if I put the heel 12
institute code altogether
hey mac os etcetera etc. I am led to have another feeling of
they say that a cd like milvus has rolled up
then
I like
the most neutral clothing possible as comfortable as possible because this
it makes you feel much more than you
I did not think
while I was ironing
because we women can put her clothes on
the tires that the 10-man pants only lie pants pants
knickerbockers
shorts but always pants because not because it does not go
because they don't even wear clothes
I once went to the Litta theater in Milan
a winter maybe two winters ago
I saw some bmi madness of the theater before impulses expect if yes
waited for it to wait to enter the room
a boy entered
girl with evening dress
female
knee very sober. lucic also with very thin straps
cool summer sandals shoes although it was winter
for women with high heels but not touched
it's just that he had worn
a feminine dress
feeling
he was beautiful, I swear
it gave me a sense - of
one breathes when these divine things happen
fantasy of freedom freedom even a form not so much exhibitionist 400
oh well come back evening
but guevara and tell me that it is something before returning to iron
women's fashion women's clothing
trento women's clothing
bare feet
the decorations of frufru colors
fishing
shoes the apotheosis of bad taste in shoes in women
almost always they are hyenas now I don't know how they mix
those shoes with the meaning the bows
TV
the bows on the stairs
but why the designers
treat us like dolls oh like bitches
there is never a middle ground
sure you will make a great stylist I like if you go to the right stores
but mostly the text and you have it in the big stores the renaissance
corinne or lauboutin is enough 5 places very popular no you have the review
just nothing
my keratin
now for this summer they are used
the heel sandals the Roman slave 5- low with all the leather things around
a carini then
command in a4 via
photo these travian attacks at the same time are missing shortly
volante.it upside down consandolo cinetivu sign up
cinema 3 goodbye